For this 150-word minimum discussion post I’d like you to complete two tasks:

  •	The first task is to discuss your thoughts on Daniel Gilbert’s article he wrote for Time, “Does Fatherhood Make You Happy” and briefly discuss a specific quote from the piece you found interesting.

  •	The second task is to briefly discuss one of the ideas discussed in the American Journal of Sociology found in the academic journal work found in the above link. Find a specific quote in this work that relates to the idea under discussion.


  In Daniel Gilbert’s on Time article” Does Fatherhood Make You Happy”, the author wrote “…when we pay a lot for something, we assume it makes us happy…” which I think it is interesting to see the author’s point of view to apply this opinion for finding happiness in life. In my opinion, I would dispute this as I believe when I buy something that will be my choice. For instance, if I make the decision to buy some high-cost value alkaline water in Costco instead of the low-cost normal water, I do not think I am happy for doing this, because this is my choice to buy that, even though both type of waters have the same purpose to reduce my thirsty. However, I am happy to see I can finish the shopping task on that day. I think the action is made by my decision, but it cannot make me happy. I believe happiness is a state of mind that I can achieve when I spend time completing a shopping task. As in the article “Parenthood and Happiness: Effects of Work-Family Reconciliation Policies in 22 OECD Countries” (doi: 10.1086/688892), originally published in the American Journal of Sociology, it shows a result of the investigation about parenthood and happiness using individual families policies, and it confirms that “The largest impact of public policies on happiness came from our comprehensive policy index,…”. Clearly, it shows that the government with flexible policies are very good to create a best environment for parents enjoy working and having family. Therefore, I can see that happiness is not a result that I need to find it. Happiness will follow me if I choose to do normal daily routines and put my mind in a good “environment”.

